FlexADI
========

    Repository:     FlexADI
    Author:         Tong WANG
    Email:          tong.wang@nus.edu.sg
    Version:        v2.0 (originally written in 2007, reorganised and published on 2015-12-16)
    Copyright:      MIT License
    Description:
                    This repository hosts codes for the numerical experiments conducted in the paper "Inventory Management with Advance Demand Information and Flexible Delivery."

                    </code> folder hosts the C++ code for the models developed in the paper. There are two sub-folders corresponding to the two major cases (Section 3 when the advance demand is homogeneous and Section 4 when heterogeneous). In </code/Homogeneous>, there are
                    	<ADI_Homo_I.cpp> the homogeneous model with Advance Demand Information, Case I: T <= L + 1;
                    	<ADI_Homo_II.cpp> the homogeneous model with Advance Demand Information, Case II: T > L + 1;
                    	<ADIF_Homo_I.cpp> the homogeneous model with Advance Demand Information and Flexible Delivery, Case I: T <= L + 1;
                    	<ADIF_Homo_II.cpp> the homogeneous model with Advance Demand Information and Flexible Delivery, Case II: T > L + 1.
                    	The code essentially solves the Dynamic Programs developed in the paper to obtain the optimal inventory control policies and costs.
                    In </code/Heterogeneous>, there are
                    	<ADI_Hetero_I.cpp> the heterogeneous model with Advance Demand Information, Case I: T <= L + 1;
                    	<ADI_Hetero_II.cpp> the heterogeneous model with Advance Demand Information, Case II: T > L + 1;
                    	<ADIF_Simulation_I.cpp> the heterogeneous model with Advance Demand Information and Flexible Delivery, Case I: T <= L + 1;
                    	<ADIF_Simulation_II.cpp> the heterogeneous model with Advance Demand Information and Flexible Delivery, Case II: T > L + 1.
                    	The last two involve solving the approximated Dynamic Programs to obtain inventory control policies and then running Monte Carlo simulations to compare the various Protection-Level heuristics proposed in the paper.

                    </output> folder hosts the raw output data files generated by the C++ codes, the Python scripts (in the form of iPython Notebook) for organizing, summarising, and plotting these data, and the PDF Figures in the paper. The original figures were plotted in Matlab, and here are the reproduced ones in Python.


Reference
=========

    Paper title:    "Inventory Management with Advance Demand Information and Flexible Delivery"
    Authors:        Tong Wang and Beril Toktay
    Year:           2008
    Journal:        Management Science
    Volume:         54
    Number:         4
    Page:           716 -- 732
    Journal link:   http://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/abs/10.1287/mnsc.1070.0831
    BibTeX:
                    @article{WangToktay2008,
                    author = {Wang, Tong and Toktay, Beril}, 
                    title = {Inventory Management with Advance Demand Information and Flexible Delivery},
                    journal = {Management Science} 
                    volume = {54}, 
                    number = {4}, 
                    pages = {716-732}, 
                    year = {2008}, 
                    doi = {10.1287/mnsc.1070.0831}, 
                    URL = {http://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/abs/10.1287/mnsc.1070.0831}, 
                    }
    Further resources (such as the original paper in PDF format, its e-companion, and presentation slides) are available at http://bschool.nus.edu/staff/bizwt/research.html.


Instructions
============

    Part of the C++ code is re-written using the new C++11 standard library. In order to compile them, you will need:
        (1). An update-to-date C++ compiler (GNU GCC 4.7 or Intel C++ Compiler 13.0) supporting C++11.
    The detailed compiling instruction is provided in each piece of code.

    The Python scripts require a working Python environment. The scripts are only tested on Python 2.7 with Pandas and Matplotlib.






============================================================================
The MIT License (MIT)

    Copyright (c) [2015] [Tong Wang]

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation  files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
